well it is day five of the world's group
stage with coverage presented by you
Gigi I'm joined right now by jizz ookay
from team vitality unfortunately after
their inability to qualify into the
quarterfinals super bloody day for you
guys some really big wins but
unfortunately I didn't make it through
what what has this day been like for you
what is what what does this day been
like for you
it has been decided you said yeah it was
in one of the best experiences in my
life I really wanted to win and I played
with everything I got and now I feel a
bit empty but I guess it will pass going
through today you had some major upsets
what what allowed a team vitality shows
such a strong performance on stage I
think we have Celtic playstyle similar
to the Chinese playstyle not much energy
but it's like teams like rock warriors
and EDG or plus teams and I think since
we deliver something that not a team do
we can surprise teams and the gay twins
really dominate games going into this
event I feel like there were not that
many people who believed in team
vitality but by today there were so many
fans cheering you on and seeing the wins
today what has this worlds meant for you
as you've seen sort of a rise of fans
and support from all over the world I
came to these words she said that pretty
much and I wanted to leave my mark no
matter what singularly and as a team and
I think we did both ways I think I
played good 90% of the games and my team
as well we played as a team really good
so I think we showed up and we left our
mark Indian what do you think of your
European Brethren's chance going forward
with g2 and fnatic
I think fnatic will for sure go the g2
group is trickier because I think
African flash-forwards have really good
teams and
they have good chances to pass so I
think fnatic will take for sure second
maybe first but I think secondly ji are
really insane and the freaking flash
falls not sure maybe just you can maybe
50/50 now I'm sure that the mood right
now on the team is not great but how do
you feel the team will feel walking away
from this event do you feel like people
will be proud of their performance I can
only talk for myself
and I'm satisfied with my performance
overall I think my only bad game was two
days against Genji with leblanc because
something went wrong in the early game
and then I couldn't play as much as I
wanted but every other game I think I
give I played my heart out and I just
played the best I could so even if I
made some mistakes I don't regret them I
think I played with confidence and I
showed what I'm capable of
well you are all surprised by how well
you guys performed because again I think
used to pass so many analysts
expectations like moving our team we
always show up on stage they reared
every time a spring split I was ranked
the last place mid laner in the LCS and
then first two weeks I'm solo killing
everyone three three weeks I'm circling
everyone I did one with you against
fnatic but probably so it's summer and
summer same thing that's what we can do
anything words not even close to reach
it and they they said we will go 0-6
after this group and we almost made it
out if we just won won one game I mean
scroll down we will get out so yeah I
guess we just proved that we are worthy
when I think of EU LCS teams with long
legacies I think of g2 and fnatic do you
think that with your performance here
and going forward vitality can cement
themselves in that upper echelon of EU
LCS teams
I hope so I hope that we Bob BOTS please
this year we did the third place on
fourth place and both times we were so
close to get to a final
we did seven we were 17 Springs
Britain's in summer split we were
dominating as well as start but then we
knock she you know summer spitting said
we were not dominating a start but after
a good kick his entrance we dominated
earlier than we could go for Rank 1 and
whatever and they didn't happen so I'm
looking forward the next pleat and
trying to go to the final stage because
the third fourth place is is an okay
it's good but he's not like the final
like third fourth places like the chairs
that are not taking the final is like
you feel the crowd so much i I just
wanna play on that stage you know
unfortunately cloud 9 did move on what
do you think of their chances going
forward in this tournament I think if
they draw IG kitty they are gone if they
draw Group a I think the evidence what
would you say to any of the EU fans that
are seeing you guys play and we're
cheering for you throughout this whole
time
I just I can't describe with words how
much I appreciate all the support first
it was a damn fun supporting me all the
way then European are now international
I had maybe 500 messages from LPL fans
telling me please win against gingy
second time and then I won against the
LPL team is that this was I guess the
support went sideways but I got a lot of
support from all of you and I thank you
thank you so much is okay for the
interview and and really it was a
pleasure watching vitality compete in
the group stage so thank you so much for
the games everyone else you can check
out the rest of my coverage of all
things world's right here on my youtube
channel you ever find yourself in a
shroud of fog you have no idea what the
enemy's strategy is or how to deal with
them they're just hidden behind a flag
of of
I don't know misinformation and you need
to figure out how to deal with them
well you need a tool you need something
that's gonna help you come up with a
strategy you Gigi is that strategy there
our sponsor you just type in the name of
the champion that the other person
picked in champ select do you figure out
how to counter them you play that
champion you figure out how to build it
it's amazing they'll make sure you never
lose champion select again just go ahead
and click that link in the description
and you'll be sure to never lose again